<title>a text-based MMORPG engine</title>

<h3>What is it?</h3>

thickishstring is a text-based MMORPG engine with a lightweight web-browser
client.

The client uses Javascript/HTML with a WebSockets connection to the server
so it's fast and responsive --- if you're used to accessing AJAX websites
you'll be astounded at how fast it is. The server is based on the tried-and-
tested Stunt application engine, based on old LambdaMOO technology, with its
robust object model, the ability to safely run arbitrary player scripts, and
incredibly small server footprint.

Right now it's in an incredibly rough prototype stage, but there's enough here
to let you log in, move around, talk to other players, create your own realms
and let other players play them.

This is where the source code and what we shall try to laughingly call 'the
documentation' is stored. If you want to actually <i>try</i> it, you probably
want <a href="http://cowlark.com/~dg/thickishstring">the test server</a>
instead. It may even be up.

<h3>Where can I get it?</h3>

Right now you'll need to check it out of the source repository using
<a href="http://fossil-scm.org">the Fossil DVCS</a>. Use the
following commands:

<verbatim>mkdir thickishstring
cd thickishstring
fossil clone http://cowlark.com/thickishstring thickishstring.fossil
fossil open thickishstring.fossil
</verbatim>

More installation instructions are in the README.

<h3>Who wrote it?</h3>

I, <a href="http://cowlark.com">David Given</a>, wrote it. Got any comments,
criticism, cake? Send it to <a href="mailto:dg@cowlark.com">dg@cowlark.com</a>.
If there's interest, I'll set up a mailing list.

<h3>What's the license?</h3>

thickishstring is distributable under the terms of the
<a href="copying.wiki">Simplified BSD License</a>.

<h2 class='comments-title'>Comments on this page</h2>
<table class='comments' border='0'><tr>
<td id='commentator-viewer'></td>
<td id='commentator-poster'></td>
</tr></table>

